Clarify that .match selectors are not declarations (#750)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/formatting.md

When all of the _selectors_ have been processed,
the earliest-sorted _variant_ in the remaining list of _variants_ is selected.

> [!NOTE]

> > A _selector_ _expression_ is not a _declaration_,
> > and its _annotation_ has no effect on the value of its _operand_ during formatting.

Reviewer: I think the term "expression" isn't needed here. We use just "selector" all through this section otherwise.

I think the term "value" has also been a source of woe for us of late and I'd rather avoid it if we can. Perhaps:

```suggestion
> A _selector_ is not a _declaration_.
> Even when the same _function_ can be used for both formatting and selection
> of a given _operand_
> the _annotation_ that appears in a _selector_ has no effect on subsequent
> _selectors_ nor on the formatting used in _placeholders_.
```

When all of the _selectors_ have been processed,
the earliest-sorted _variant_ in the remaining list of _variants_ is selected.

> > [!NOTE]
> > A _selector_ is not a _declaration_.
> > Even when the same _function_ can be used for both formatting and selection
> > of a given _operand_
> > the _annotation_ that appears in a _selector_ has no effect on subsequent
> > _selectors_ nor on the formatting used in _placeholders_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> _Expressions_, including _expressions_ that appear as _selectors_,
> have no side effects and are not _declarations_.
> That is, they do not introduce or override _variable_ names.
> This means that the _annotation_ of a _variable_ in a _selector_
> does not change what is bound to the _variable_,
> even if the same _function_ can be used for both formatting and selection
> of a given _operand_.
> The meaning of a _variable_ reference that occurs within a _variant_
> depends only on the explicit or implicit _declaration_ of that _variable_.
```

Just a suggestion. I think this text is difficult to understand outside the context of the discussions we've been having, and without an example. The same might be true of my suggested text. I guess if it's confusing, people will ask about it during the tech preview feedback period.

Reviewer: The right hand size of a `.local` is an expression, so your suggestion might be confusing from that respect?

Reviewer 2: Doesn't seem like it to me. An expression is not a declaration; it can appear in a declaration, but not every term that an expression can appear in is a declaration. ("Term" = "subtree of the data model".)

Alternately, the text could begin with something like "Only a `.local` or an `.input` _declaration_ can change the meaning of a _variable_." Though this isn't quite true, as free variables introduce what we call "implicit declarations" someplace. A `.match` can't contain declarations (not even implicit declarations, since the only place where an "implicit declaration" makes sense is in a context where further names can be introduced) so it's clear from that that nothing within a `.match` changes the meaning of any variable name. 

Every phrasing I can think of is made more complicated by implicit declarations, though.

Reviewer: @catamorphism Would you object to my merging the text as is? We're definitely coming back to the whole "resolved value" space later 😄

Reviewer 2: @aphillips I don't object!

the pattern selection proceeds as follows for this message:

```
.input {$count :number}
.match {$count}
one {{Category match for {$count}}}
1   {{Exact match for {$count}}}

> *   {{Other match for {$count}}}

Reviewer: Is the goal of this change to illustrate the use of a declaration with a selector? Otherwise the change here isn't necessary.

Author: I thought that having at least one of the selection examples use a declaration would be good.
